en/step_1.md, before:

## You will make

Have you ever wondered how many times you turn over while you sleep?

In this project, you are going to make a sleep tracker that will display how rested you are. 
You can run the program on your micro:bit when it is placed under your pillow, so it can track your sleep movements.

<p style="border-left: solid; border-width:10px; border-color: #0faeb0; background-color: aliceblue; padding: 10px;">

Keeping <span style="color: #0faeb0">track</span> of how well you sleep can be really helpful. When you pay attention to things like if you move a lot during the night, you can learn how to sleep even better. Sleeping better makes our brains work better, helps us feel happier, and keeps our bodies healthier.

</p>

You will:
+ Use your micro:bit to monitor your sleep movements
+ Use variables to track your sleep movements
+ Display the number of movements on the micro:bit's LEDs
+ Use buttons and logic to reset the tracker and control the brightness of the LED display
+ Use a loop to create an animation
+ Organise your code using a function

--- no-print ---

### Play ▶️

--- task ---
<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap">
<div style="flex-basis: 175px; flex-grow: 1">  

Click on the embedded project.

+ What happens when the program starts?
+ What happens if you hover over the edges of the micro:bit?
+ What happens if you click the A button?
+ What happens if you click the B button?
+ What happens if you click the A+B button?

<div style="position:relative;height:0;padding-bottom:125%;overflow:hidden;"><iframe style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" src="https://makecode.microbit.org/---run?id=_14Lib71CCP0F" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" sandbox="allow-popups allow-forms allow-scripts allow-same-origin" frameborder="0"></iframe></div>

</div>
</div>

--- /task ---
--- /no-print ---

--- print-only ---
![Completed project](images/showcase_static.png)
--- /print-only ---

Commit message:

Added link to GSG and Discover projects

en/step_1.md, after:

## New to the micro:bit?

See our [Getting Started Guide](https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/getting-started-guide-microbit) to learn all about the micro:bit!

You can also try out our amazing `Discover` projects:
- [Hobby selector](https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/hobby-selector)
- [Silly reminder](https://projects.raspberrypi.org/en/projects/silly-reminder)
 
## You will make

Have you ever wondered how many times you turn over while you sleep?

In this project, you are going to make a sleep tracker that will display how rested you are. 
You can run the program on your micro:bit when it is placed under your pillow, so it can track your sleep movements.

<p style="border-left: solid; border-width:10px; border-color: #0faeb0; background-color: aliceblue; padding: 10px;">

Keeping <span style="color: #0faeb0">track</span> of how well you sleep can be really helpful. When you pay attention to things like if you move a lot during the night, you can learn how to sleep even better. Sleeping better makes our brains work better, helps us feel happier, and keeps our bodies healthier.

</p>

You will:
+ Use your micro:bit to monitor your sleep movements
+ Use variables to track your sleep movements
+ Display the number of movements on the micro:bit's LEDs
+ Use buttons and logic to reset the tracker and control the brightness of the LED display
+ Use a loop to create an animation
+ Organise your code using a function

--- no-print ---

### Play ▶️

--- task ---
<div style="display: flex; flex-wrap: wrap">
<div style="flex-basis: 175px; flex-grow: 1">  

Click on the embedded project.

+ What happens when the program starts?
+ What happens if you hover over the edges of the micro:bit?
+ What happens if you click the A button?
+ What happens if you click the B button?
+ What happens if you click the A+B button?

<div style="position:relative;height:0;padding-bottom:125%;overflow:hidden;"><iframe style="position:absolute;top:0;left:0;width:100%;height:100%;" src="https://makecode.microbit.org/---run?id=_14Lib71CCP0F" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" sandbox="allow-popups allow-forms allow-scripts allow-same-origin" frameborder="0"></iframe></div>

</div>
</div>

--- /task ---
--- /no-print ---

--- print-only ---
![Completed project](images/showcase_static.png)
--- /print-only ---
